Add section about install script to app launch failure page (#28926)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/runtime-discovery/troubleshoot-app-launch.md

| .NET Desktop Runtime | Microsoft.NETCore.App<br/>Microsoft.WindowsDesktop.App |
| .NET Runtime         | Microsoft.NETCore.App |

To install a compatible framework, on the download page for the required .NET version, find a runtime download containing the missing framework. Once you have found the appropriate runtime download, you can then either install it using an [installer](#run-an-installer) or [script](#run-the-dotnet-install-script). You can also [download the binaries](#download-binaries) and extract them to the desired location.

#### Run an installer

> If your existing installation of .NET was installed through an installer or package manager, then also installing the required framework through an installer or package manager is likely the simpler option. Otherwise, you can [run the install script](#run-the-dotnet-install-script) or [download the binaries](#download-binaries) instead of using an installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your existing installation of .NET was installed through an installer or package manager, then also installing the required framework through an installer or package manager is the recommended option. Otherwise, you can [run the install script](#run-the-dotnet-install-script) or [download the binaries](#download-binaries) instead of using an installer.
```

Using the scripts to modify default install location is typically a bad idea - the installer/package manager will get confused and uninstall or servicing may not work as expected. So we should make it clear that people should prefer the installers as much as possible - and only use the scripts when running from custom locations.

> If your existing installation of .NET was installed through an installer or package manager, then also installing the required framework through an installer or package manager is likely the simpler option. Otherwise, you can [run the install script](#run-the-dotnet-install-script) or [download the binaries](#download-binaries) instead of using an installer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your existing installation of .NET was installed through an installer or package manager, then the recommended option is to also install the required framework through an installer or package manager. Otherwise, you can [run the install script](#run-the-dotnet-install-script) or [download the binaries](#download-binaries).
```

Different Linux distributions provide .NET through different package managers. See [Install .NET on Linux](../install/linux.md) for details. Note that preview versions of .NET are not available through package managers.
::: zone-end

#### Run the dotnet-install script

Download the [dotnet-install script](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md#recommended-version) for your operating system. Run the script with options based on the information in the error message. The [dotnet-install script reference page](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md) shows all available options.

::: zone pivot="os-windows"
Launch [PowerShell](/powershell) and run:

```powershell
dotnet-install.ps1 -Architecture <architecture> -InstallDir <directory> -Runtime <runtime> -Version <version>
```

For example, the error message in the section above would correspond to:

```powershell

> dotnet-install.ps1 -Architecture x64 -InstallDir "C:\Program Files\dotnet\" -Runtime dotnet -Version 5.0.15

Reviewer: I ran into a problem with a similar command yesterday. Apparently passing in `-Runtime aspnet` will install both `Microsoft.NETCore.App` and `Microsoft.AspNetCore.App` - which is good. But passing in `-Runtime windowsdesktop` will ONLY install `Microsoft.WindowsDesktop.App` - so one doesn't even get `dotnet.exe` for example (or `hostfxr`).

I filed https://github.com/dotnet/install-scripts/issues/266 against the scripts... not sure if we should mention it here though.

Author: Sad. I went back and forth, but I think I'm going to go with not mentioning in here unless we see confusion around it. The user should already have some form of the runtime installed for us to indicate a framework is not found, so I think worst case is the user does `-Runtime windowsdesktop`, then gets a different error message about `Microsoft.NETCore.App` because the one they have is not compatible and has to run the script again with `-Runtime dotnet`. (And hopefully, most people will be going through the installer instead.)

Reviewer: That's a good point - makes sense to leave it out.
